Update README.md to explain performance differences (#1)
rfay/ddev-drushonhost: README.md

```
export IS_DDEV_PROJECT=true
```

> or this in your `settings.local.php`:

Reviewer: (Need to add a note about enabling settings.local.php in settings.php?)

Reviewer: Ah, but please use DDEV instead of using PHP on the host :) If I had my way people would uninstall PHP from their computers in order to not have all the confusion that comes with it.

```
putenv("IS_DDEV_PROJECT=true");
```

> Running `drush` commands in the containers is faster, however, dependingon your use, you may find it more convenient to run them on the host. [Read more about installing Global Drush and using this add-in](https://selwynpolit.github.io/d9book/drush#global-drush). Note. The host drush version doesn't matter much since it is only used to find the proper `drush` (most likely within /vendor/bin) and call it. This means you always run the version of `drush` that you installed in your project using composer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `drush` commands in the containers is faster, however, depending on your use, you may find it more convenient to run them on the host. [Read more about installing computer-side Drush and using this add-in](https://selwynpolit.github.io/d9book/drush#global-drush). Note. The host drush version doesn't matter much since it is only used to find the proper `drush` (most likely within /vendor/bin) and call it. This means you always run the version of `drush` that you installed in your project using composer. To use this technique you must have the same version of `php` and preferably the same version of `composer` on the host that you have inside the container.
```

Reviewer 2: You could mention the use of brew-php-switcher to help switch php versions as needed
